Add support for custom newsletter fields (#5)
vtex-apps/store-newsletter: docs/README.md

| `newsletter-input-name`            | Renders an name input in the newsletter form.                                                                        |
| `newsletter-input-phone`           | Renders an phone input in the newsletter form.                                                                       |
| `newsletter-checkbox-confirmation` | Renders a confirmation checkbox in the newsletter form.                                                              |

> | `newsletter-hidden-field`          | Doesn't render anything, but enables custom fields to be sent when a user subscribes to the store's newsletter.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `newsletter-hidden-field`          | Doesn't render anything, but enables hidden fields on the form to fetch custom data and save them in the store's Master Data whenever a user subscribes to the newsletter. |
```

| `url`     | `string` | The link's URL.             | `undefined`   |
| `text`    | `string` | Text displayed on the link. | `undefined`   |

> ### `newsletter-hidden-field` props
> 
> | Prop name | Type     | Description                 | Default value |
> | --------- | -------- | --------------------------- | ------------- |
> | `customFields`     | `CustomField[]` | An array of `CustomField` objects.             | `undefined`   |
> 
> The `CustomField` object enables you to specify a certain custom user field that should always be sent along with a user's newsletter subscription. It has the following format:
> 
> ```ts
> interface CustomField {
>   fieldName: string,
>   dynamicValue?: "bindingId" | "bindingUrl",
>   value?: string | number | boolean
> }
> ```
> 
> - `fieldName` should match the field's name in your Master Data user schema.
> 
> - `dynamicValue` currently only supports `bindingId` and `bindingUrl`, and both these values will be calculated by `newsletter-hidden-field` before sending the newsletter subscription data.
> 
> - `value` is just a static value that will always be the same, and will always be sent when users submit the newsletter form. You should either use `value` or `dynamicValue`, never both.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `newsletter-hidden-field` props

| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
| :---------: | :----: | :----------: | :-------------: |
| `customFields` | `object` | Enables you to specify a certain custom user field that should always be sent along with a user's newsletter subscription. | `undefined` |

- **`customFields` object:**

| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
| :---------: | :----: | :----------: | :-------------: |
| `fieldName` | `string` | Text string that should match the field's name in your Master Data user schema. | `undefined` | 
|  `dynamicValue` | `enum` | Possible values are: `bindingId` and `bindingUrl`. Both of these values will be calculated by the `newsletter-hidden-field` block before sending the newsletter subscription data. | `undefined` |
| ` value` | `string` | Static value sent to users when they submit the newsletter form. *Caution*: the value will always be the same. | `undefined` | 

:warning: *The `value` and `dynamicValue` props are conflicting and must not be declared together.*

```

Reviewer: I don't think I fully understood the idea. The descriptions are still confused to me, I think we can clarify the modus operandi behind this object!

Reviewer: The new block is missing in the block list (at the top of the documentation)

| `url`     | `string` | The link's URL.             | `undefined`   |
| `text`    | `string` | Text displayed on the link. | `undefined`   |

> ### `newsletter-hidden-field` props
> 
> | Prop name | Type     | Description                 | Default value |
> | --------- | -------- | --------------------------- | ------------- |
> | `dynamicFields`     | `Array<'bindingUrl' | 'bindingId'>` | An array of strings that represent dynamic fields that will be sent to the `subscribeNewsletter` mutation call performed when a user subscribes to newsletters. Currently the only supported values to include in this array are: `bindingUrl` and `bindingId`. Notice that these fields should also exist in the store's `Client` entity.             | `undefined`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `newsletter-hidden-field` props

| Prop name | Type     | Description                 | Default value |
| --------- | -------- | --------------------------- | ------------- |
| `dynamicFields` | `[enum]` | Desired hidden fields responsible for saving the user's custom data on [Master Data](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/what-is-master-data--4otjBnR27u4WUIciQsmkAw) once the newsletter form is submitted. Notice that the name of the fields must be written in an array and represent which user data they save. Possible values are: `bindingUrl` and `bindingId`. *Caution*: To properly save the data, you must also [create the desired filters](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/how-can-i-create-a-field-in-master-data--frequentlyAskedQuestions_1829) in the Master Data's `Client` entity.  | `undefined` |
```
